# Hi! 👋
Here you could find automated tests for a game - this is a result of a given pre-interview technical task. Enjoy!

## Requirements
* 🟢 Write a test that confirms that a specific speed and height result in a perfect landing.

* 🟢 Write a series of tests for each unique combination of height and speed - testing that the result is as expected each time (touchdown, crash, etc.)

* 🔴 (Optional, extra credits :) ) Test the site through the main BBC website, overcoming any security issues regarding interaction with content in an iFrame. Use https://www.bbc.co.uk/ as the entry point such that navigation to the page above is included in your tests.

## Technical requirements
To run the tests, you would need
* node (I use 20v)
* npm (I use 9.6.4)

To run the tests, downloda/clone it to your local machine, then navigate to the root directory of this project, execute `npm install`, and then `npm test`, and tests should start executing (if they don't please let me know, but they should 🙂 ). I did it on Mac, so Macs and Linuxes should be fine.
If you want to play around, run `npx cypress open`, it will show you UI with possibility to 'see' the tests and do some operations over them.

## A bit of self-explanation
* I used Cypress since it is the easiest framework to start with - stable, got everything bundled (I've got only 1 dependency, which is... Cypress!), and uses JS, which is cool.

* I've simplified validation a bit to validate only 'mission result' message, it saved me several lines of code and an hour of my life.

* I didn't do iFrame thing, since it required either relatively ugly access functions, or some smart wrapper, so they don't look that ugly. Let's consider this as my strive to minimalism.

* Some code there is generated by Cypress itself.

* The biggest problem was to modify those sliders - the event which is required to updage the value wasn't that obvious for me.

* I've put test data withtin the spec file for simplicity for this particular case. In most real world scenarios it is better to separate them (but not always).
